[Improvement]: Check if new password is NOT the same as the old one when resetting (#285)
pimcore/admin-ui-classic-bundle: CHANGELOG.md

#### v1.2.0
 - DataObject used to automatically reload version after save, but now it's triggered only on successfull save. The reload can be forced by setting `forceReloadVersionsAfterSave` to `true` in a `postSaveObject` event listener.

>  - [Auth] When resetting password, setting the new password as the same as the old one would throw an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [User -> Settings] When resetting password, setting the new password same as the old one would throw an error.
```
